[Music]
repair clinic encourages you to perform
this procedure safely in this video we
will show one or more of these icons to
alert you when to use caution as with
any repair you should unplug the
appliance before beginning and turn off
the hot and cold water supply valves to
replace the drain pump on your washer
you should first disconnect the water
supply hoses from the inlet valve be
prepared for some water to spill out now
use tape to secure the lid carefully tip
the washer forward so the front of the
cabinet rests on a blanket or towel
next unsnap the drain pump wire cover
and push the tab to detach the wire
connector use pliers to release the
clamp securing the drain hose to the
pump and pull the hose off remove the
screws securing the pump to the outer
tub and remove the old pump install the
new drain pump by inserting the pump
outlet seal into the port on the outer
tub secure it with the screws slide the
drain hose onto the outlet port of the
pump and secure it with the clamp attach
the wire connector and close the cover
carefully lift the washer to its upright
position and remove the tape securing
the lid reconnect the water supply hoses
to the inlet valve and turn the water
supply back on you're now ready to plug
the power cord back in and confirm that
the washer is functioning properly
you
[Music]